There is no place like 127.0.0.1.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
The cloud is just someone else's computer.
Stay curious. Keep your logs clean.
It works on my machine.
May your uptime be long and your latency low.
In code we trust.
A good backup is a time machine.
Keep calm and check the logs.
The terminal never forgets.
Actually, that's a feature.
Are you sure you don't have a problem with your internet connection?
Are you sure you want it to work that way?
Are you sure you've installed the latest patches to your browser?
Are you sure you've installed the latest patches to your operating system?
Are you sure?
But we're a small team so what do you expect?
But we're a startup so what do you expect?
But we're underresourced so what do you expect?
Everyone was sick.
Everything looks fine on my end.
Have you cleared your cache?
Have you tried refreshing your browser?
Have you updated your browser?
Have you updated your OS?
I couldn't find any library that can do that.
I couldn't reproduce that error.
I did a quick fix for that already, it must have been reverted.
I did a quick fix last time but it broke when we rebooted.
I didn't anticipate that I would make any errors.
I didn't create that part of the program.
I didn't write that part of the system.
I don't remember that in the original specification.
I don't see anything in my error logs.
I forgot my computer.
I forgot to commit the code that fixes that.
I found a bug in the Framework.
I had too many projects so I had to rush that feature.
I have too many other high priority things to do right now.
I haven't been able to reproduce that.
I haven't had a chance to run that code yet.
I haven't had any experience with that before.
I haven't pushed the fix up yet.
I haven't touched that code in weeks.
I just need one more day to work on that.
I must have been stress testing our production server.
I never received a ticket for that.
I thought I'd finished that.
I thought that was signed off?
I thought you signed off on that.
I told you yesterday it would be done by the end of today.
I usually get a notification when that happens.
I was busy fixing more important issues.
I was sick.
I was sure that had been fixed.
I wasn't told how to do that so I had to guess which way the clients wanted it.
I'll have to fix that at a later date.
I'm not familiar with it so I didn't fix it in case I made it worse.
I'm pretty sure that works most of the time.
I'm pretty sure that's the way it is meant to work.
I'm still working on that part of the codebase.
I'm still working on that.
I'm sure that was written by a contractor.
I'm sure that was written by a freelancer.
I've never seen that happen before!
Is that not supposed to happen?
It can't be broken because all the unittests pass.
It has always worked before.
It has never done that before.
It is an intermittent error, just hit refresh.
It is unlikely to happen again.
It must be a browser cache error.
It must be a hardware problem.
It must be a timezone issue.
It must be a unicode issue.
It must be a virus on your system.
It must be an issue with the corporate firewall.
It must be missing some dependencies.
It must be the corporate proxy.
It probably won't happen again.
It was only a small change so I didn't think it needed tests.
It was probably a race condition.
It was working in my head.
It worked before.
It works in my dev environment.
It works perfectly on my machine.
It works, but it's not been tested.
It's a browser issue.
It's a compatibility issue.
It's always been like that.
It's always worked that way.
It's just a warning, not an error.
It's most likely a forwarding proxy server that is caching the response.
It's never done that before.
It's never shown unexpected behavior like this before.
It's not a bug, it's a feature.
It's not like I can't write that fix in like 5 minutes.
No, I didn't get any email from you about that.
Nothing has changed in the code.
Oh, that was just a temporary fix.
Oh, that was only supposed to be a placeholder.
Oh, you said you DIDN'T want that to happen?
Our code quality is up to industry standards.
PEBKAC.
Someone must have changed my code.
That code was written by the last dev.
That code wasn't meant to be in production.
That error means it was successful.
That feature is a nice-to-have.
That feature is low priority.
That feature is on our roadmap.
That feature is outside of the project scope.
That feature is slated for Phase II.
That feature isn't due in this phase.
That feature would be outside the currently defined scope.
That has always worked that way.
That is how we were asked to build it.
That is part of the old system.
That isn't part of my job description.
That issue was filed under a different release version.
That output is only wrong 99% of the time.
That output is only wrong half the time.
That software should have been updated ages ago.
That was like that before I started here.
That was literally a one in a million error.
That wasn't in the original specification.
That works at least 80% of the time.
That wouldn't be economically feasible.
That's a character encoding issue.
That's a data model issue.
That's a feature.
That's a hardware issue.
That's a known bug with the framework.
That's a known bug with the programming language implementation.
That's a problem with a third party application.
That's a support issue.
That's a training issue.
That's a UI problem.
That's a user issue.
That's a UX problem.
That's a vendor issue.
That's already fixed. It just hasn't taken effect yet.
That's an architecture issue.
That's an industry best practice.
That's an issue with our legacy software.
That's an issue with our legacy system.
That's been fixed on another branch.
That's been fixed, but the code is yet to be released.
That's just temporary and we're still working on it.
That's not a scalable solution.
That's still a work in progress.
The 3rd party API must be down.
The behaviour is in the original specification.
The browser must have dropped some packets.
The client application must have dropped some packets.
The client requested an XML response, but JSON would've solved the issue.
The client requested that change.
The contractor that worked here for a month? Yeah, she wrote that.
The design makes it difficult to build this correctly.
The dev that worked here for a month? Yeah, he wrote that.
The developer who coded that doesn't work here anymore.
The documentation for that feature is wrong.
The error means it has processed correctly.
The existing design makes it difficult to do the right thing.
The failovers must have failed.
The file must have been corrupted.
The fix for that is in progress.
The issue tracker was updated and some issues were lost.
The program was never meant to work that way.
The specification contained conflicting requirements.
The specification was ambiguous.
The stakeholder was sick.
The tests didn't cover that edge case.
The WYSIWYG editor must have added that.
There must be a problem with the virtual machine.
There must be something strange with your data.
There must have been a miscommunication during the requirements phase.
There must have been a problem with the request.
There's only a one in a million chance of that error occurring.
This is the first time anyone has mentioned it.
This wasn't filed in the issue tracker.
We broke that deliberately to test it.
We contracted that work out months ago.
We didn't have the budget to build it properly.
We didn't have time to QA that feature.
We don't have the bandwidth to address that at the moment.
We don't have the budget to address that at the moment.
We have to do it that way for security reasons.
We must have been stress testing the server.
We outsourced that part.
We were never asked to make it do that.
We weren't given enough time to write unittests.
We've not been able to reproduce the problem.
We've not received any error notifications.
Well, at least it displays a very pretty error.
Well, I've never seen that before.
Well, that's a first.
What did you do wrong to make it crash?
What did you type in wrong to get it to crash?
Where were you when the program blew up?
Why do they want it that way?
You might need more end-user training.
You must be looking at the wrong version.
You must be running the wrong version.
You must have done something wrong.
You sure you didn't get my email about that?
You're doing it wrong.
Your browser must be caching the old version.
Your email regarding that issue must have hit my spam filter.
Your internet connection mustn't be working.
Computers make very fast and very accurate mistakes.
Be nice to the nerds; for all you know they might be the next Bill Gates!
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
To err is human – and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980.
The truth is out there. Anybody got the URL?
The box said ‘Requires Windows Vista or better’. So I installed LINUX.
In a world without fences and walls... who needs Gates and Windows?
C://dos  <br>C://dos.run  <br>run.dos.run
Bugs come in through open Windows.
Penguins love cold... they wont survive the sun.
Unix is user friendly. It’s just selective about who its friends are.
Failure is not an option. It comes bundled with your Microsoft product.
Microsoft: “You’ve got questions. We’ve got dancing paperclips.”
Windows isn’t a virus atleast viruses do something.
Mac users swear by their Mac and PC users swear at their PC.
If at first you don’t succeed; call it version 1.0.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
I would love to change the world but they won’t give me the source code.
Beware of programmers that carry screwdrivers.
I’m not anti-social; I’m just not user friendly.
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
The more I C.... the less I see.
COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods.
Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code.
My attitude isn’t bad. It’s in beta.
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue.
E-mail returned to sender... insufficient voltage.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
If I wanted a warm fuzzy feeling... I’d antialias my graphics!
SUPERCOMPUTER: what it sounded like before you bought it.
Evolution is God’s way of issuing upgrades.
There are three kinds of people: those who can count and those who can’t.
Hand over the calculator... friends don’t let friends derive drunk.
1f u c4n r34d th1s u r34lly n33d t0 g37 l41d.
Theres no place like 127.0.0.1
Real programmers start counting from 0
Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.
Chuck Norris sheds his skin twice a year.
Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them.
Chuck Norris doesn't shower, he only takes blood baths.
Time waits for no man. Unless that man is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is not hung like a horse. Horses are hung like Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk and Kill.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
Chuck Norris doesn't wash his clothes. He disembowels them.
Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... A suicide.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' fist.
Chuck Norris drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls.
Chuck Norris' house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
When Chuck Norris talks, everybody listens. And dies.
Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen SanDiego.
Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and won.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes. Chuck Norris steps on necks.
Movie trivia: The movie \"Invasion U.S.A.\" is, in fact, a documentary.
Chuck Norris did in fact, build Rome in a day.
Once you go Norris, you are physically unable to go back.
Chuck Norris doesn't play god. Playing is for children.
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Some kids play Kick the can. Chuck Norris played Kick the keg.
Chuck Norris cannot love, he can only not kill.
Chuck Norris? favourite cut of meat is the roundhouse.
If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
Most boots are made for walkin'. Chuck Norris' boots ain't that merciful.
Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
The Bible was originally titled \"Chuck Norris and Friends\"
When Chuck Norris says \"More cowbell\", he MEANS it.
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
Coroners refer to dead people as \"ABC's\". Already Been Chucked.
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
When Chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
Chuck Norris can taste lies.
Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris uses 8'x10' sheets of plywood as toilet paper.
Fact: Chuck Norris doesn't consider it sex if the woman survives.
182,000 Americans die from Chuck Norris-related accidents every year.
Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can walk on Jesus.
Chuck Norris was once in a knife fight, and the knife lost.
The First rule of Chuck Norris is: you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn.
Chuck Norris once ate four 30lb bowling balls without chewing.
Chuck Norris uses tabasco sauce instead of visine.
Think of a hot woman. Chuck Norris did her.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum. Chuck Norris chews tin foil.
Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
Chuck Norris is his own line at the DMV.
If Chuck Norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
Godzilla is a Japanese rendition of Chuck Norris' first visit to Tokyo.
Chuck Norris once participated in the running of the bulls. He walked.
Chuck Norris once rode a bull, and nine months later it had a calf.
Chuck Norris has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota.
TNT was originally developed by Chuck Norris to cure indigestion.
Chuck Norris runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards.
Only Chuck Norris can prevent forest fires.
When Chuck Norris makes a burrito, its main ingredient is real toes.
One time, at band camp, Chuck Norris ate a percussionist.
Love does not hurt. Chuck Norris does.
Chuck Norris once round-house kicked a salesman. Over the phone.
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi.
The air around Chuck Norris is always a balmy 78 degrees.
When Chuck Norris wants an egg, he cracks open a chicken.
Chuck Norris plays racquetball with a waffle iron and a bowling ball.
Chuck Norris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
Mr. T pities the fool. Chuck Norris rips the fool's head off.
Chuck Norris' favorite cereal is Kellogg's Nails 'N' Gravel.
Chuck Norris wipes his ass with chain mail and sandpaper.
Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
When Chuck Norris throws exceptions, it's across the room.
Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.
Chuck Norris's first program was kill -9.
Chuck Norris burst the dot com bubble.
Chuck Norris can write infinite recursion functions and have them return.
Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move.
The only pattern Chuck Norris knows is God Object.
Chuck Norris finished World of Warcraft.
Project managers never ask Chuck Norris for estimations... ever.
Chuck Norris doesn't use web standards as the web will conform to him.
\"It works on my machine\" always holds true for Chuck Norris.
Whiteboards are white because Chuck Norris scared them that way.
Chuck Norris doesn't do Burn Down charts, he does Smack Down charts.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris's beard can type 140 wpm.
Chuck Norris can unit test entire applications with a single assert.
Chuck Norris can overflow your stack just by looking at it.
To Chuck Norris, everything contains a vulnerability.
Chuck Norris can access private methods.
Chuck Norris can instantiate an abstract class.
The class object inherits from Chuck Norris
For Chuck Norris, NP-Hard = O(1).
Bill Gates thinks he's Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris actually laughed. Once.
No statement can catch the ChuckNorrisException.
Chuck Norris doesn't pair program.
Chuck Norris can write multi-threaded applications with a single thread.
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
Chuck Norris breaks RSA 128-bit encrypted codes in milliseconds.
Chuck Norris doesn't needs try-catch, exceptions are too afraid to raise.
Chuck Norris went out of an infinite loop.
If Chuck Norris writes code with bugs, the bugs fix themselves.
Chuck Norris hosting is 101% uptime guaranteed.
Chuck Norris's keyboard has the Any key.
Chuck Norris can access the DB from the UI.
Chuck Norris' programs never exit, they terminate.
Chuck Norris insists on strongly-typed programming languages.
Chuck Norris can spawn threads that complete before they are started.
Chuck Norris programs do not accept input.
Chuck Norris can install iTunes without installing Quicktime.
Chuck Norris doesn't need an OS.
Chuck Norris's OSI network model has only one layer - Physical.
Chuck Norris can compile syntax errors.
Chuck Norris does not code in cycles, he codes in strikes.
Chuck Norris solved the halting problem.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Chuck Norris once won a game of connect four in 3 moves.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris eats lightning and shits out thunder.
Chuck Norris can retrieve anything from /dev/null.
Chuck Norris doesn't use GUI, he prefers COMMAND line.
What does a subatomic duck say? Quark.
Why did I divide sin by tan? Just cos.
Why do fish likes nibbles the size of 2^n? So they can byte
Chuck Norris can take a screenshot of his blue screen.
Programmer (noun.): A machine that turns coffee into code
What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance.
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
Why do Java programmers have to wear glasses? Because they don't C#.
A foo walks into a bar, takes a look around and says \"Hello World!\".
Why is C sad? Because C++ told him \"You have no class\".
Why are fishes illiterate?Because C doesnt have Classes
Who called it female foeticide and not Binary ?
Le gf: I'll dump you.Le bf: hex dump or binary dump? 
How does a Programmer COok food ? In O(1)
binary digits are called bits i love ternary digits
Why did Microsoft release Windows 10 ( and not windows 9) ?Because 7 8 9
When Chuck Norris does a push-up he doesn't go up, the earth goes down
Chuck Norris can start a fire by rubbing two ice cubes together.
Chuck Norris can write an OS in Brainfuck
Linux: Born to be root. Windows: Born to re-boot
I can't access Git. I guess I have... commitment issues
Don't fart in an Apple Store, because they don't have Windows.
I have a good joke on Information Technology, but you won't get IT
Do you have a girlfriend? I will leave the relationship to the databases
SON: What are clouds made of? DAD: Linux servers, mostly
CPU (Coffee Processing Unit)
I told him I can't open the jar, he said download and install Java.
'Knock knock.' 'Who's there?' *10 mins later* 'Java.'
A UDP packet walks into a bar. The bartender doesn't acknowledge him.